https://www.yelp.com/biz/pizza-bocca-lupo-san-jose pizza_bocca_lupo
https://www.yelp.com/biz/vino-vino-san-jose vino_vino_wine_bar
https://www.yelp.com/biz/robees-falafel-san-jose robees_falafel
https://www.yelp.com/biz/treatbot-san-jose-2 treatbot
https://www.yelp.com/biz/blush-raw-bar-lounge-san-jose blush_ice_bar_&_raw_Kitchen
https://www.yelp.com/biz/on-a-roll-san-jose on_a_roll
https://www.yelp.com/biz/loteria-taco-bar-san-jose loteria_taco_bar
https://www.yelp.com/biz/calidog-san-jose calidog
https://www.yelp.com/biz/pasta-fresca-san-jose pasta_fresca
https://www.yelp.com/biz/phonomenal-san-jose phonomenal_noodle_house
https://www.yelp.com/biz/chocatoo-san-jose chocatoo
https://www.yelp.com/biz/konjoe-burger-bar-san-jose konjoe_burger_bar
https://www.yelp.com/biz/bray-butcher-block-and-bistro-san-jose bray_butcher_block_&_bistro
https://www.yelp.com/biz/arepa-and-mas-san-jose?osq=Arepa arepa_&_mas
https://www.yelp.com/biz/spuds-usa-potato-bar-san-jose	spuds_usa
https://www.yelp.com/biz/lous-beach-shack-san-jose lous_beach_shack
https://www.yelp.com/biz/oni-mexicatessan-san-jose oni_mexicatessan
https://www.yelp.com/biz/san-pedro-square-market-bar-san-jose-2 san_perdo_square_market_bar
https://www.yelp.com/biz/market-beer-co-san-jose market_beer_co
https://www.yelp.com/biz/garage-bar-san-jose?osq=spsm+garage+bar spsm_garage_bar
https://www.yelp.com/biz/b2-coffee-san-jose b2_coffee
https://www.yelp.com/biz/crewners-barber-shop-san-jose crewners_barber_shop
